first Tokyo
my name
the baby I'm grievin I thought that you
know this I can't stand no haters and
honest juices I'm low inviting you
speediest about it swagger on super like
you should be no the mother get my money
I'm gonna take our money to class that's
where I'm in traditionally get that line
up you plan to get my money on time I
got my the girl that you want from my
name
Tokyo
my
the minibar
feel so good get it what I won yeah
you swing your love is bright as ever
even in the shadows
Oh baby kiss me hello Fred - lights out
and I'm questioning to you Oh baby kiss
me before they turn the lights out ready
to light
lights out in the darkest night I'll
search through car
your faces I see I'll give you
everything Baby Love Me lights out Baby
Love me
right little
baby daylight's let's play
you better kiss
for our time is running out
he sees what we see
Lagasse
oh okay firstly no Mormon is as body
cream it's by organic this is the
coconut milk hibiscus lotion you're just
going to smell like you just came from
the Bahamas we're going to call it
research I was researching to see how
well this worked and how many days I
could go without washing my hair this
gorgeous bright vibrant - bronzer more
as a all-over warmth type of thing for
example the King was allowed to have
several mistresses but if the Queen
stepped out on the King it was
considered adultery and they would
behead her